Hide analytics for author and event manager (#1797)
digitalfabrik/integreat-cms: CHANGELOG.md

* [ [#1170](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1170) ] Add map preview on POI form
* [ [#1579](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1579) ] Fix auto-filling of coordinates for multiple street numbers
* [ [#1767](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1767) ] Revert statistics calculation to original & add online downloads column

> * [ [#1746](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1746) ] Hide analytics section (partially) for author, editor and terminplaner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ [#1746](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1746) ] Hide analytics section (partially) for author, editor and event manager
```

Author: Modified. I moved this entry to UNRELREASED.
